are you telling me that after seven
years together used to get aroused by
the same woman I do how often you do it
that's different now because we've got
the kids how's your day usual I want to
speak to a manager I'd like to complain
about how hot the waitresses are here
you are not buying some 20-year old
broad a motorcycle this girl and I are
seriously considering getting a divorce
and that is why we are going to go here
it's Disneyland for adults you guys are
gonna have a blast actually we have
found a great group rate welcome to Eden
you want itinerary couple skill-building
at 6:00 a.m. I think there's a
misunderstanding yet we signed up for
the fun stuff
you either partake of the entire package
or have none of it so we got to give a
little bit of our day out to talk about
feelings how bad can it be my husband
got caught in this shark situation it's
time to get the guns and shoot some fish
I had Sharkey penetrate my skin that's
it maybe they're marking me for later I
don't know remove your mask
buzzer I don't have any drawers undress
is his junk up yeah now it's a party
thanks a lot for bringing me here to
problem Island would you prefer a male
or female yes what would you recommend
more for like a nurturing pampering
motherly energy weak yep a man or a
woman
so Joey do you have any problem areas I
hold a lot of tension to my upper thighs
Jason pulled a gun on our therapist I'm
gonna shoot you in the head and force
him to say whether or not we were gonna
make it what would you say
put that in a holster this
[Applause]
[Music]
who is that is that yoga guy yeah allow
me to put on something more proper thank
you now who is ready for their yoga this
just gets better and better
see as I gently go deeper and deeper
into a stretch Fabio that's enough at
the pole sale
couples retreat this is a great way to
stretch yeah oh no I think I got it now
[Music]